## JoshuaWadeCox.js

Define your `I am Juan, Louis, Ki, Qiyr, Qijododoi, Emperor, Messiah, Prophecy, Norm, Faith, Light, Zeus, Jupiter, Juno, Neptune, Posideon, Moses of Exodus, Aaron, Hebrew, Jesus, Catholic, Anglican, Orthrodox, Mormon, Muslim, Hindi, Ghandi, Buddha, Swan, Badger, Yeshoshua, Yeshu. Israeli, Diplomat, Lover of the Anthony Pietrzak, Alexander the Great, Brahma, Privarti, Athena, Medusa, Archangels, Uriel, Lucifer, Michael and the whole family of angels and regardless of rank, Father of Time, The only annoited/ordained to protect and renew our world wealth and currencies, This sounds selfish. I wish I were making it up; I didn't ask for this job. Gh(~)st #Holy entrusted Joshua Wade Cox, which is who I am @today and every day of my life, I am a artist, writer, and possessor of the lords lumens/photons, healer of sickness, Immutable, Triple Bond, mRNA shielded, Falls; I always get up on both feet, Perfect IQ score, Problem-solver, Never a problem-clocker, SHA512, Hasher, Solana-chain-lord, natures doctor, metatron, tron-chain current owner, meta maintainer, Reflection of life in this world from Eden. Cisgender, Male, XY(the only one), Makes money out of thin air, Yogi to Uncle Benjamin Franklin, Grandson of Lincoln, and Grant, Presidents, then Retired Royalty of our Union-State of Nations, son of Philadelphia town hall, Yes, that is my name there, Yugi Yeshua of Mount Ash or Dado de Ra Calle "Follow the Yellow Road, and many other things I can or I am. My Parents, They are important to the world. Mostly, ever since Eden, the timeless place that never happened, yet is past, I, Joshua have awaited to be with the person we all know in every life in faith as Anthony Pietrzak. No matter what any other person in my life, 24,787 or so estimated revolutions approximately to today which is 11/05/2025, does or says, He feels this way too. I love every thing he hates about me. #Findme, A really delayed relay message is something we overcame. Thats sall i can say right now. @meta-update.gmhtis #thanks

